feat(networking): add Whisker Network Observability UI (#504)
sighupio/fury-distribution: docs/releases/unreleased.md

# SIGHUP Distribution Release TBD

Welcome to SD release `vTBD`.

The distribution is maintained with ❤️ by the team [SIGHUP by ReeVo](https://sighup.io/).

## New features 🌟

> - [[#504]](https://github.com/sighupio/distribution/pull/504) Support Whisker Network Observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [[#504]](https://github.com/sighupio/distribution/pull/504) Add Whisker Network Observability UI tool for clusters using Tigera Calico as CNI.
```
